#the individual variant may be just sent to me without public presentation, but before the 23.04!
(in a form of a Report in pdf/pptx/Rmd/any + the .R code. The Report needs to have only the information of interest, while the
R code needs to be full (in case of e.g. you didn't find something interesting via KEGG enrichment - so it's absent from the Report, 
but must be in the code)). Add a brief description of the data used.

#the group variant needs public presentation - by a single person or 
you can divide the material into parts and make a group report.
The report is like you'd do that on a conference (like e.g. BGRS) - a ppt presentation
with graphics, schemes and maybe a few key phrases.
An example structure of the report is:
Slide 1: Title page, Transcriptomics project made by <...>
2: A few words about the data - you may use for example the schematics 
the authors of the data used in their publication, or draw something simple yourself - 
just so that the listeners understand what's what 
3-... : About the found DEGs, the enrichment plot and the pathway plot and a few words (the assumption).
... : The data used for gene network construction (the network may be really big so no need to try to plot it.
but in a case of not a big network - do it, it's a beautiful picture to show), the properties of network and 
what you found using it.
... : The co-expression analysis results (there is a plenty of graphics to show) and a few words
about what it revealed.

In a case of public presentation you don't have to sent anything, 
but it would be useful to have a complete code of analysis near you - it'll help you 
to answer questions if I'll have ones.


#The individual variant:
You may choose any data or a subset of data - 
properly prepare it, perform PCA, 
normalize, choose only one contrast to 
define DEGs, analyze the DEGs:
classify DEGs, do the enrichment analyses (do all possible, but focus on unexpected things),
plot the pathway of interest (choose any that attracts you), 
make some biological assumption.
Don't forget to read about the data you are analyzing.

#The variant for group of two:
All the same (DEGs analysis of a single contrast), 
but with gene network analysis added - which 
imposes the requirements to the data - the data needs to have more 
than one type of treatment, or needs to have cases of mutation and/or overexpression.
The gene network analysis requires an individual biological assumption.


#The variant for group of 3-5:
All the same as with variant for group of 2, but +
co-expression analysis and interpretation.

